Step 1 ----  Create a library project


1.1  Create a normal porject with c++ support

     the project location is ../sdk

     Choose empty activity, and need not select layout
     
     Then finish.


1.2  Edit the AndroidManifest.xml

     Delele all content in the "<application>" tag, left it be empty.


1.3  Rename module name  

     Initially we'll focus on our library project. Annoyingly Android Studio automatically creates you a module called app. 
     
     Modules really should be uniquely named, so you'll need to right click on the module name, 

     click refactor and rename to something useful. We call "lolila_sdk"


1.4  Rename the folder name of module if need


1.5  Edit build.gradle

     Open the build.gradle for the module. You'll need to change the first line :

     apply plugin: 'com.android.application'

     to say:

     apply plugin: 'com.android.library'


     You'll also need to remove applicationId in defaultConfig

     Click sync and wait for gradle to synchronise again.

     Normally, you will receive a error msg says something path not found! 
 
     Don't worry, go on.


1.6  Important!!  Delete the    ".externalNativeBuild"  folder in the module dir.

     Because we change the module name in step 1.3,  and the CMakeCache file record the old path before.

     So, you need to delete the whole temp gen folder.

     Then Sync and clean the projct again.


Step 2  ---- Import the library project


2.1  Edit the settings.gradle file, add below line:

     include ":lolila_sdk"
     project(":lolila_sdk").projectDir=new File("../sdk/lolila_sdk")

     Important!!-1:   You must set the actual path of module(../sdk/lolila_sdk), do not set the root dir of this module(../sdk)

                      If set root dir of this module, the Android studio can not find the build.gradle of this module.

     Important!!-2:   You must import the library project handly by editting the setting.gradle.

                      Do not use project structure menu.

2.2  Edit the build.gradle of the app module, add these line:

     compile project(':lolila_sdk')


OK!! That is all.           
 

     

 

     
   